this is Stevie bricks I want to hear the
worst thing you've ever done
listen Stevie bricks the [ __ ] cysts
tonight he was calling into the show
that's why we were late Ron what's the
worst thing you ever done I kind of got
his fingers off I thought it was faking
first it's real man what are you talking
about hey give me a break the finger man
which one when you stuck in my wife
[Music]
Jesus Christ
you are a hypocrite you don't throw
someone out of the apartment every kiss
you touched Tinkerbell foot in the dryer
while I was Albany [ __ ] white guy we
know it's correct there's a lot of white
people in New York anyway it's
disturbing I mean it is just her yes
your own killer [ __ ] is what it is
[Music]
all the tops in Brooklyn that can send
me they send me Andre the Giant and
Betty Boop really wearing that shirt
what's wrong with this shirt you look
like a Mexican Ken doll